📖 Document multiple providers support (#7433)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tasks/multiple-providers.md

# Running multiple providers

> Cluster API supports running multiple infrastructure/boostrap/control plane providers on the same management cluster. It's highly recommeded to rely on

Reviewer: nit: typo s/boostrap/bootstrap

[clusterctl init](../clusterctl/commands/init.md) command in this case. [clusterctl](../clusterctl/overview.md) will help ensure that all providers support the same
[API Version of Cluster API](../clusterctl/provider-contract.md#metadata-yaml) (contract).

<aside class="note warning">

<h1>Warning</h1>

> Currently, the case of running multiple providers is not covered in Cluster API E2E suite. It's recommended to set up a custom validation pipeline of

Reviewer: nit: s/API E2E suite/API E2E test suite

> The case of running multiple providers is not covered in Cluster API E2E suite. It's recommended to set up a manual validation of it
> before deploying providers on a production environment.

Reviewer 2: nit: What about
```suggestion
Currently, the case of running multiple providers is not covered in Cluster API E2E suite. It's recommended to set up a custom validation pipeline of
 your specific combination of providers before deploying it on a production environment.
```

Reviewer 3: 👍
